Add doc files for peer snapshot commands (#2004)
hyperledger/fabric: docs/wrappers/peer_channel_postscript.md

  You can see that the peer has successfully made a request to join the channel.

### peer channel joinbysnapshot example

Here's an example of the `peer channel joinbysnapshot` command.

* Join a peer to the channel from a snapshot identified by the directory
  `/snapshots/completed/testchannel/1000`. The snapshot was previously created on a different peer.

  ```
  peer channel joinbysnapshot --snapshotpath /snapshots/completed/testchannel/1000

  2020-10-12 11:41:45.442 EDT [channelCmd] InitCmdFactory -> INFO 001 Endorser and orderer connections initialized
  2020-10-12 11:41:45.444 EDT [channelCmd] executeJoin -> INFO 002 Successfully submitted proposal to join channel

>   2020-10-12 11:41:45.444 EDT [channelCmd] joinBySnapshot -> INFO 003 The joinbysnapshot operation is in progress. Check the status of joinbysnapshot to know if it is done.

Reviewer: I suggest put the actual command to check the status in the response (of course, the command output needs to be updated, not just the generated doc).

```suggestion
  2020-10-12 11:41:45.444 EDT [channelCmd] joinBySnapshot -> INFO 003 The joinbysnapshot operation is in progress. Use "peer channel joinbysnapshotstatus" to check the status.
```

  ```

  You can see that the peer has successfully made a request to join the channel from the specified snapshot.
  When a `joinbysnapshot` operation is in progress, you cannot run another `peer channel join`
  or `peer channel joinbysnapshot` simultaneously. To know whether or not a joinbysnapshot operation is in progress,
  you can call the `peer channel joinbysnapshotstatus` command.

### peer channel joinbysnapshotstatus example

Here are some examples of the `peer channel joinbysnapshotstatus` command.

* Query if joinbysnapshot is in progress for any channel. If yes,
  it returns a message indicating a joinbysnapshot operation is in progress.

  ```
  peer channel joinbysnapshotstatus

  2020-10-12 11:41:45.952 EDT [channelCmd] InitCmdFactory -> INFO 001 Endorser and orderer connections initialized

>   A joinbysnapshot operation is in progress for snapshot at /snapshots/completed/testchannel/1000

Reviewer: Could this response message mention the name of the channel being joined?

Author: Per slack discussion, we are not going to add channel name to this message, because the reporting should be in the terms of user inputs which in this case is the snapshot folder location.
